idolverse Open Works License Attribution-PatentLicensed-ShareAlike, Version 1
idolverse Open Works License Attribution-PatentLicensed-ShareAlike, Version 1
http://license.coscl.org.cn/idolverseOWLBYPLSAv1
Your reproduction, use, modification and Dissemination of This Work shall be subject to idolverse Open Works License Attribution-PatentLicensed-ShareAlike, Version 1 (This License) with following terms and conditions:
 
0. Definition
This Work means intellectual achievement protected by copyright law that is licensed under This License, including but not limited to a written work, a musical work, a fine art work, an architecture work, a photographic work, an audiovisual work, a graphic work, and a model work.
Adapted Work means a work that is created based on This Work, including but not limited to modification, translation, annotation, or arrangement of This Work in whole or in part.
Contributor means the licensor(s) of the rights related to This Work under This License, including the copyright holder(s) and its authorized individual(s) or Organization(s).
You means the licensee of the rights related to This Work under This License, who is an individual or Organization exercising the rights granted under This License. Your has a corresponding meaning.
Organization means any legal entity(ies), unincorporated organization(s), and their affiliate(s). Aforesaid “affiliate” means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with any party under This License. Aforesaid “control” means direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power, capital or other securities of controlled or commonly controlled entity.
Disseminate (or Dissemination) means the act of making works available to others through any medium, including but not limited to distribution, lease, exhibition, performance, projection, providing works through information networks or by any other means providing works.
Compatible License means any license that is listed on http://license.coscl.org.cn/faq and officially approved by idolverse Community as compatible with This License.
Effective Technical Measures means those technical measures taken by copyright holders to prevent unauthorized use of work, from which circumvention by users are prohibited under laws of applicable jurisdiction.
1. Grant of Copyright License
Subject to Your compliance with the terms and conditions of This License, each Contributor hereby grants You, according to This License, a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable copyright license to copy, modify, Disseminate, and in other manner use This Work.
2. Grant of Patent License
2.1 Subject to Your compliance with the terms and conditions of This License, each Contributor hereby grants You, according to This License, a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable (unless terminated early according to This License) patent license for You to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import any products based on This Work. The foregoing patent license applies only to patent claims or design features that are owned or controlled by the Contributor now or in future, covered by the copyrighted portion of This Work and necessarily infringed by making, having made, using, selling, offering for sale, or importing the products based on This Work.
2.2 If You directly or indirectly institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a litigation) or other patent enforcement activities against anyone with respect to This Work, accusing them of infringement of patents, then any patent license granted to You under This License for This Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation or activity is filed or taken.
2.3 The patents in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 include design; if design is not protected under patent law of the applicable jurisdiction, the Contributor's license of design in Section 2.1 and the termination of Your license of design in Section 2.2 remains unaffected.
3. No Other License
Except for those as expressly stated in This License, This License does not provide any other licenses, including trademark license.
4. Dissemination Conditions
You may Disseminate This Work or Your Adapted Work in any manner, provided that the following conditions are met:
(1) You must provide the text or URI of This License with This Work or Your Adapted Work;
(2) You must retain any URI, Contributor’s attribution and/or copyright statements (unless the Contributor requires removal), modification statements, patent statements, trademark statements, and disclaimer statements of This Work or parts thereof that You use;
(3) If You create an Adapted Work based on This Work and Disseminate it, You must indicate in a reasonable manner that You modified This Work; You must license Your Adapted Work under This License or any Compatible License and provide text or URI of the applied license;
(4) You must not exert any restrictions on or apply any Effective Technical Measures to This Work or the Adapted Work to restrict any others who receive This Work or Adapted Work from exercising the rights granted under This License or any Compatible License; if This Work You received had been exerted foregoing restrictions or applied Effective Technical Measures, You are entitled to remove or circumvent them.
You may indicate in a reasonable manner the information such as the title or version of This Work or parts thereof that You use; if This Work or parts thereof that You use or Your Adapted Work is Disseminated through information networks, You may use hyperlinks for provision of the foregoing texts or URIs in (1)-(3) of Section 4.
5. Breach and Termination
5.1 If You breached This License, any Contributor has the right to notify You in writing to terminate its license granted to You under This License. The license granted to You by such Contributor terminates upon Your receipt of such notice of termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Your license will not be terminated even if You received a notice of termination from Contributor, under three circumstances as set forth below:
(1) You have cured all the breaches prior to receipt of such notice of termination; or,
(2) it’s Your first time to receive a notice of termination from such Contributor pursuant to This License, and You have cured all the breaches within 30 days of receipt of such notice; or,
(3) Contributor has expressly reinstated the license granted to You.
5.2 Termination of Your license under This License shall not affect any rights under This License granted to any others who directly or indirectly receive This Work from You, provided that they comply with the terms and conditions of This License.
5.3 Sections 0, 5, 6, and 7 survive termination of This License.
6. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
THIS WORK IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WORK, NO MATTER HOW IT IS CAUSED OR BASED ON WHICH LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7. Language
THIS LICENSE IS WRITTEN IN BOTH CHINESE AND ENGLISH, AND THE CHINESE VERSION AND ENGLISH VERSION SHALL HAVE THE SAME LEGAL EFFECT. IN CASE OF DIVERGENCE BETWEEN THE CHINESE AND ENGLISH VERSIONS, THE CHINESE VERSION SHALL PREVAIL.
 
END OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

